README.md, before:

# Document Embedding with Weaviate Cloud and OpenAI

This project embeds all files from the `src/` directory into Weaviate Cloud using OpenAI's `text-embedding-3-small` model for semantic search and retrieval. It includes both a web frontend for direct searching and a CloudFlare Worker for API-based access with AI-powered question answering.

## Overview

The embedding system processes 25 markdown files containing academic program documentation and stores them in Weaviate Cloud with vector embeddings generated by OpenAI's text-embedding-3-small model. The project also includes a CloudFlare Worker that provides semantic document search and AI-powered question answering using Weaviate and OpenAI GPT-4o-mini.

## Files Structure

```
├── src/                          # Source documents to embed (25 .md files)
├── embed_files.py               # Main embedding script (with inline dependencies for uv)
├── run_tests.py                # Test runner for search quality validation
├── weaviate-search.js          # Concise frontend search client (114 lines)
├── search.html                 # Web search interface (iframe-ready)
├── iframe-test.html            # Demo page showing iframe integration
├── iframe-demo.html            # Additional iframe demo
├── qa-interface.html           # Q&A interface using CloudFlare Worker
├── cloudflare-worker.js        # CloudFlare Worker for semantic Q&A
├── wrangler.toml              # CloudFlare configuration
├── serve.py                   # HTTP server for local development
└── README.md                  # This documentation
```

## Prerequisites

1. **Weaviate Cloud Account**: Sign up at [Weaviate Cloud](https://console.weaviate.cloud/)
2. **OpenAI API Key**: Get your API key from [OpenAI Platform](https://platform.openai.com/api-keys)
3. **Python 3.8+**: Ensure Python is installed on your system

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Quick Start with uv (Recommended)

The script includes inline dependencies and can be run directly with uv:

```bash
uv run embed_files.py
```

### 2. Configure Environment Variables

Copy the example environment file and fill in your credentials:

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

Edit the `.env` file with your actual credentials:

```env
# Weaviate Cloud Configuration
WEAVIATE_URL=https://your-cluster-name.c0.asia-southeast1.gcp.weaviate.cloud
WEAVIATE_API_KEY=your_weaviate_api_key_here

# OpenAI Configuration
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key_here
```

**Important**: The `.env` file is ignored by git to prevent accidental secret commits.

### 3. Run the Embedding Script

Execute the main script to embed all documents:

**With uv (recommended):**
```bash
uv run embed_files.py
```

If you haven't set environment variables, the script will prompt you for:
- Weaviate Cloud URL
- Weaviate API Key
- OpenAI API Key

## How It Works

### 1. Document Processing
- Scans all files in the `src/` directory
- Reads file content and metadata (filename, path, size, extension)
- Generates SHA256 hash for duplicate detection

### 2. Weaviate Schema
The script creates a `Document` collection with the following properties:
- `filename`: Name of the source file
- `filepath`: Full path to the source file  
- `content`: Complete file content
- `file_size`: File size in bytes
- `content_hash`: SHA256 hash for duplicate detection
- `file_extension`: File extension (.md)

### 3. Vector Embeddings
- Uses OpenAI's `text-embedding-3-small` model (1536 dimensions)
- Automatically generates embeddings for the `content` field
- Enables semantic search capabilities

### 4. Duplicate Handling
- Checks content hash before insertion
- Skips files with identical content to avoid duplicates

## Embedding Results

✅ **Successfully embedded all 25 documents** with the following results:

- **Total Documents**: 25/25 (100% success rate)
- **Model Used**: OpenAI text-embedding-3-small (1536 dimensions)
- **Vector Database**: Weaviate Cloud
- **Processing Time**: ~20 seconds for all documents
- **Duplicate Detection**: SHA256 content hashing implemented
- **Error Rate**: 0% (all files processed successfully)

### Document Statistics
- **File Types**: All Markdown (.md) files
- **Content**: Academic program documentation 
- **Average File Size**: ~2.5KB per document
- **Total Content**: ~60KB of text embedded
- **Estimated Embedding Cost**: ~$0.02 (OpenAI API)

## Source Documents

The `src/` directory contains 25 academic program documentation files:

- Academic Documents for students.md
- Academic aspects.md
- Admission to the programme.md
- Alumni Details.md
- Apprenticeship in the BS level.md
- Changes in project grading.md
- Course registration - steps involved.md
- Courses in the programme.md
- Credit Clearing Capability.md
- Credit Transfer.md
- Design of certificates for the 4 levels of the program.md
- Direct Entry into Diploma programme.md
- Eligibility Criteria Prize.md
- Fees for the entire programme.md
- Flexibility.md
- Highlights of the programme.md
- Learner Life Cycle.md
- Learning paths available.md
- New Rules for Foundation & Diploma Level Completion.md
- Non Academic Rules.md
- Pathways to get admission to Masters.md
- Re Entry after Diploma.md
- Software and Hardware Requirements.md
- Timeline for original certificate.md
- intro.md

## Verifying the Embedded Documents

After running the embedding script, you can verify that all documents were successfully embedded using curl commands:

### Check Total Document Count

```bash
curl -s -X POST \
  'https://your-cluster-url.weaviate.network/v1/graphql' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_WEAVIATE_API_KEY' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
      "query": "{ Aggregate { Document { meta { count } } } }"
  }' | python3 -m json.tool
```

### List All Document Filenames

```bash
curl -s -X POST \
  'https://your-cluster-url.weaviate.network/v1/graphql' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_WEAVIATE_API_KEY' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
      "query": "{ Get { Document { filename } } }"
  }' | python3 -c "import sys, json; data=json.load(sys.stdin); docs=data['data']['Get']['Document']; print('\\n'.join([f'{i+1:2}. {doc[\"filename\"]}' for i, doc in enumerate(docs)]))"
```

### View Sample Documents

```bash
curl -s -X GET \
  'https://your-cluster-url.weaviate.network/v1/objects?class=Document&limit=3' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_WEAVIATE_API_KEY' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' | python3 -m json.tool
```

## Querying the Embedded Documents

After embedding, you can query the documents using Weaviate's GraphQL API or Python client. Here are some examples:

### Semantic Search Example

```python
import weaviate

client = weaviate.connect_to_weaviate_cloud(
    cluster_url="your-weaviate-url",
    auth_credentials=weaviate.AuthApiKey("your-api-key"),
    headers={"X-OpenAI-Api-Key": "your-openai-key"}
)

collection = client.collections.get("Document")

# Semantic search
response = collection.query.near_text(
    query="admission requirements",
    limit=5
)

for obj in response.objects:
    print(f"File: {obj.properties['filename']}")
    print(f"Content snippet: {obj.properties['content'][:200]}...")
    print("---")

client.close()
```

### Hybrid Search Example

```python
# Combine semantic and keyword search
response = collection.query.hybrid(
    query="course registration process",
    limit=3
)
```

## Features

- ✅ **Automatic Schema Creation**: Creates Weaviate schema if it doesn't exist
- ✅ **Duplicate Detection**: Uses content hashing to avoid duplicate embeddings
- ✅ **Error Handling**: Comprehensive error handling and logging
- ✅ **Batch Processing**: Efficiently processes all files in the directory
- ✅ **Metadata Preservation**: Stores file metadata alongside content
- ✅ **OpenAI Integration**: Uses latest text-embedding-3-small model
- ✅ **Environment Configuration**: Flexible credential management
- ✅ **uv Support**: PEP 723 inline dependencies for modern Python tooling
- ✅ **Full Document View**: Expandable previews with complete document content
- ✅ **Concise Codebase**: Optimized JavaScript client (114 lines)

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

1. **Connection Errors**
   - Verify your Weaviate Cloud URL and API key
   - Check network connectivity

2. **OpenAI API Errors**
   - Ensure your OpenAI API key is valid and has sufficient credits
   - Check rate limits if processing many files

3. **File Reading Errors**
   - Ensure all files in `src/` are readable
   - Check file encoding (UTF-8 expected)

### Logging

The script provides detailed logging output. Check the console for:
- Connection status
- Processing progress
- Success/failure counts
- Error details

## Cost Considerations

### OpenAI API Costs
- Model: `text-embedding-3-small`
- Pricing: ~$0.00002 per 1K tokens
- Estimated cost for 25 documents: $0.01-0.05 (depending on document length)

### Weaviate Cloud Costs
- Free tier available for development
- Usage-based pricing for production

## Security Notes

- **Never commit API keys to version control** - API keys are entered by users in the web interface
- **Local storage only** - Keys are stored in browser localStorage, not transmitted to any server
- **Environment variables** - Use `.env` file for embedding script credentials
- **Key rotation** - Consider rotating API keys regularly
- **Minimal permissions** - Restrict API key permissions where possible
- **Public endpoint** - Weaviate cluster URL is public (no authentication risk)

## Testing and Quality Assurance

The project includes comprehensive test suites to validate search quality and document retrieval:

### Running Quality Tests

Execute the test suite to verify search functionality:

```bash
uv run run_tests.py
```

### Test Results

✅ **All tests passing with excellent performance**:

- **Total Tests**: 10/10 passed (100% pass rate)
- **Keyword Accuracy**: 95% average score
- **File Relevance**: 100% accuracy  
- **Average Response Time**: ~676ms per query
- **Search Coverage**: Tests for all major document categories

### Test Categories

The test suite covers:
- **Basic Information Retrieval**: Admission, fees, requirements
- **Academic Policies**: Registration, prerequisites, certificates  
- **Program Structure**: Learning paths, flexibility, re-entry
- **Technical Requirements**: Software, hardware specifications
- **Complex Queries**: Multi-concept searches and comparisons

### Alternative Testing

For comprehensive search quality testing, use the included test runner:

```bash
# Run all quality tests
uv run run_tests.py
```

## Web Frontend

A complete web interface is included for searching the embedded documents:

### 🌐 **Running the Web Interface**

```bash
# Option 1: Use included development server
python3 serve.py

# Option 2: Use Python's built-in server
python3 -m http.server 8000

# Open in browser: http://localhost:8000/search.html
```

### 📱 **Features**

- **🔍 Semantic Search**: AI-powered document search using OpenAI embeddings
- **📱 Responsive Design**: Works on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices  
- **🖼️ Iframe Ready**: Optimized for embedding in other websites
- **⚡ Real-time Results**: Instant search with relevance scoring
- **🎨 Professional UI**: Clean Bootstrap-only design with full document preview
- **💾 Local Storage**: API keys stored securely in browser

### 🔧 **API Requirements**

The frontend requires both API keys because:

- **Weaviate API Key**: Authenticates with your Weaviate Cloud cluster
- **OpenAI API Key**: Required for Weaviate to vectorize search queries in real-time

*Why OpenAI key?* When you search, Weaviate uses OpenAI's embedding model to convert your search text into vectors that can be compared with the stored document vectors.

### 🖼️ **Embedding in Your Website**

```html
<iframe src="http://your-domain.com/search.html" 
        width="100%" 
        height="800" 
        frameborder="0"
        title="Academic Document Search">
</iframe>
```

**Test the iframe integration**: Open `iframe-test.html` to see how it looks embedded.

### 🛠️ **JavaScript API**

You can also use the JavaScript client directly:

```javascript
// Include the library
<script src="weaviate-search.js"></script>

// Initialize and search (concise API)
const searcher = new WeaviateSearch();
searcher.setCredentials('your-weaviate-key');
searcher.setOpenAIKey('your-openai-key');

const results = await searcher.searchDocuments('admission requirements');
console.log(results);
```

## CloudFlare Worker for Semantic Q&A

The project includes a CloudFlare Worker that provides semantic document search and AI-powered question answering using Weaviate and OpenAI GPT-4o-mini.

### Worker Features

- **Cross-Origin Support**: Handles CORS for web applications
- **Semantic Search**: Uses Weaviate vector database for document retrieval
- **Streaming Responses**: Real-time text/event-stream output
- **AI-Powered Answers**: GPT-4o-mini generates contextual responses
- **Configurable Results**: Customizable number of documents (ndocs)

### API Endpoint

#### POST `/answer`

**Request:**
```json
{
  "q": "What are the admission requirements?",
  "ndocs": 5  // optional, default = 5
}
```

**Response:** `text/event-stream`

```
data: {"type": "document", "relevance": 0.95, "text": "content...", "link": "https://github.com/..."}

data: {"type": "document", "relevance": 0.87, "text": "content...", "link": "https://github.com/..."}

data: {"type": "chunk", "text": "Based on the documents, the admission requirements are..."}

data: {"type": "chunk", "text": " You need to have completed..."}
```

### Worker Setup Instructions

#### 1. Install Wrangler CLI

```bash
npm install -g wrangler
```

#### 2. Configure Environment

Copy the example environment file:
```bash
cp .dev.vars.example .dev.vars
```

Edit `.dev.vars` with your actual API keys:
```bash
WEAVIATE_URL=https://your-cluster.c0.asia-southeast1.gcp.weaviate.cloud
WEAVIATE_API_KEY=your_weaviate_api_key
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key
```

#### 3. Deploy

**Automated deployment:**
```bash
./deploy-worker.sh
```

**Manual deployment:**
```bash
# Set production secrets
wrangler secret put WEAVIATE_URL
wrangler secret put WEAVIATE_API_KEY  
wrangler secret put OPENAI_API_KEY

# Deploy
wrangler deploy
```

#### 4. Local Development

```bash
wrangler dev
```

Your worker will be available at `http://localhost:8787`

### Worker Testing

Test the worker with curl:

```bash
curl -X POST https://your-worker-url/answer \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{"q": "What are the admission requirements?", "ndocs": 3}'
```

### Worker Environment Variables

| Variable | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `WEAVIATE_URL` | Your Weaviate cluster URL |
| `WEAVIATE_API_KEY` | Weaviate API key |
| `OPENAI_API_KEY` | OpenAI API key for embeddings and chat completion |

### Worker Configuration

The worker is configured via `wrangler.toml`:

- **Compatibility Date**: 2024-01-01
- **Node.js Compatibility**: Enabled for fetch streaming
- **Memory**: Standard (128MB)
- **CPU Time**: Standard (10ms)

### Worker Usage Examples

#### JavaScript/Fetch

```javascript
const response = await fetch('https://your-worker-url/answer', {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' },
  body: JSON.stringify({
    q: 'How do I register for courses?',
    ndocs: 3
  })
});

const reader = response.body.getReader();
const decoder = new TextDecoder();

while (true) {
  const { done, value } = await reader.read();
  if (done) break;
  
  const chunk = decoder.decode(value);
  // Process server-sent events
  console.log(chunk);
}
```

### Worker Response Format

#### Document Events
```json
{
  "type": "document",
  "relevance": 0.95,
  "text": "Full document content...",
  "link": "https://github.com/user/repo/blob/main/src/filename.md"
}
```

#### Answer Chunks
```json
{
  "type": "chunk", 
  "text": "Partial answer text..."
}
```

### Worker Error Handling

The worker returns appropriate HTTP status codes:

- `200`: Success with streaming response
- `400`: Bad request (missing "q" parameter)
- `404`: Invalid endpoint
- `500`: Internal server error

### Worker Security Notes

- API keys are stored as CloudFlare secrets (encrypted)
- CORS is enabled for cross-origin requests
- No user authentication required
- Rate limiting depends on CloudFlare plan

### Worker Troubleshooting

#### Common Issues

1. **Worker not responding**: Check deployment status with `wrangler status`
2. **API errors**: Verify environment variables are set correctly
3. **CORS issues**: Ensure preflight OPTIONS requests are handled
4. **Streaming problems**: Check for proper content-type headers

#### Debug Commands

```bash
# View worker logs
wrangler tail

# Check environment variables
wrangler secret list

# Test locally
wrangler dev --local
```

## Next Steps

After embedding, consider:
1. Building a search interface
2. Implementing retrieval-augmented generation (RAG)
3. Adding more document types
4. Setting up automated re-embedding workflows
5. Implementing user authentication for queries
6. Expanding test coverage for edge cases

## Support

For issues related to:
- **Weaviate**: [Weaviate Documentation](https://weaviate.io/developers/weaviate)
- **OpenAI**: [OpenAI Documentation](https://platform.openai.com/docs)
- **This Script**: Check logs and error messages for troubleshooting

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Add embeddable Q&A chatbot (#1)
## Summary
- simplify QA interface for embedding
- provide `index.html` with embed instructions
- document embed snippet in README

## Testing
- `uvx ruff format --line-length 100 .`
- `npx -y prettier@3.5 --print-width=120 '**/*.js' '**/*.md'`
- `npx -y js-beautify@1 '**/*.html' --type html --replace --indent-size 2 --max-preserve-newlines 1 --end-with-newline`
- `python3 run_tests.py` *(fails: ModuleNotFoundError)*

------
https://chatgpt.com/codex/tasks/task_e_6889b6a0e7a4832c9a10209ef2a3ac69

* Add embeddable chatbot interface
* Refine chatbot UI and embed docs
* fix layout and autoscroll
* Improve chatbot UX

README.md, after:

# Document Embedding with Weaviate Cloud and OpenAI

This project embeds all files from the `src/` directory into Weaviate Cloud using OpenAI's `text-embedding-3-small` model for semantic search and retrieval. It includes both a web frontend for direct searching and a CloudFlare Worker for API-based access with AI-powered question answering.

## Overview

The embedding system processes 25 markdown files containing academic program documentation and stores them in Weaviate Cloud with vector embeddings generated by OpenAI's text-embedding-3-small model. The project also includes a CloudFlare Worker that provides semantic document search and AI-powered question answering using Weaviate and OpenAI GPT-4o-mini.

## Files Structure

```
├── src/                          # Source documents to embed (25 .md files)
├── embed_files.py               # Main embedding script (with inline dependencies for uv)
├── run_tests.py                # Test runner for search quality validation
├── weaviate-search.js          # Concise frontend search client (114 lines)
├── search.html                 # Web search interface (iframe-ready)
├── iframe-test.html            # Demo page showing iframe integration
├── iframe-demo.html            # Additional iframe demo
├── qa-interface.html           # Q&A interface using CloudFlare Worker
├── cloudflare-worker.js        # CloudFlare Worker for semantic Q&A
├── wrangler.toml              # CloudFlare configuration
├── serve.py                   # HTTP server for local development
└── README.md                  # This documentation
```

## Prerequisites

1. **Weaviate Cloud Account**: Sign up at [Weaviate Cloud](https://console.weaviate.cloud/)
2. **OpenAI API Key**: Get your API key from [OpenAI Platform](https://platform.openai.com/api-keys)
3. **Python 3.8+**: Ensure Python is installed on your system

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Quick Start with uv (Recommended)

The script includes inline dependencies and can be run directly with uv:

```bash
uv run embed_files.py
```

### 2. Configure Environment Variables

Copy the example environment file and fill in your credentials:

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

Edit the `.env` file with your actual credentials:

```env
# Weaviate Cloud Configuration
WEAVIATE_URL=https://your-cluster-name.c0.asia-southeast1.gcp.weaviate.cloud
WEAVIATE_API_KEY=your_weaviate_api_key_here

# OpenAI Configuration
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key_here
```

**Important**: The `.env` file is ignored by git to prevent accidental secret commits.

### 3. Run the Embedding Script

Execute the main script to embed all documents:

**With uv (recommended):**
```bash
uv run embed_files.py
```

If you haven't set environment variables, the script will prompt you for:
- Weaviate Cloud URL
- Weaviate API Key
- OpenAI API Key

## How It Works

### 1. Document Processing
- Scans all files in the `src/` directory
- Reads file content and metadata (filename, path, size, extension)
- Generates SHA256 hash for duplicate detection

### 2. Weaviate Schema
The script creates a `Document` collection with the following properties:
- `filename`: Name of the source file
- `filepath`: Full path to the source file  
- `content`: Complete file content
- `file_size`: File size in bytes
- `content_hash`: SHA256 hash for duplicate detection
- `file_extension`: File extension (.md)

### 3. Vector Embeddings
- Uses OpenAI's `text-embedding-3-small` model (1536 dimensions)
- Automatically generates embeddings for the `content` field
- Enables semantic search capabilities

### 4. Duplicate Handling
- Checks content hash before insertion
- Skips files with identical content to avoid duplicates

## Embedding Results

✅ **Successfully embedded all 25 documents** with the following results:

- **Total Documents**: 25/25 (100% success rate)
- **Model Used**: OpenAI text-embedding-3-small (1536 dimensions)
- **Vector Database**: Weaviate Cloud
- **Processing Time**: ~20 seconds for all documents
- **Duplicate Detection**: SHA256 content hashing implemented
- **Error Rate**: 0% (all files processed successfully)

### Document Statistics
- **File Types**: All Markdown (.md) files
- **Content**: Academic program documentation 
- **Average File Size**: ~2.5KB per document
- **Total Content**: ~60KB of text embedded
- **Estimated Embedding Cost**: ~$0.02 (OpenAI API)

## Source Documents

The `src/` directory contains 25 academic program documentation files:

- Academic Documents for students.md
- Academic aspects.md
- Admission to the programme.md
- Alumni Details.md
- Apprenticeship in the BS level.md
- Changes in project grading.md
- Course registration - steps involved.md
- Courses in the programme.md
- Credit Clearing Capability.md
- Credit Transfer.md
- Design of certificates for the 4 levels of the program.md
- Direct Entry into Diploma programme.md
- Eligibility Criteria Prize.md
- Fees for the entire programme.md
- Flexibility.md
- Highlights of the programme.md
- Learner Life Cycle.md
- Learning paths available.md
- New Rules for Foundation & Diploma Level Completion.md
- Non Academic Rules.md
- Pathways to get admission to Masters.md
- Re Entry after Diploma.md
- Software and Hardware Requirements.md
- Timeline for original certificate.md
- intro.md

## Verifying the Embedded Documents

After running the embedding script, you can verify that all documents were successfully embedded using curl commands:

### Check Total Document Count

```bash
curl -s -X POST \
  'https://your-cluster-url.weaviate.network/v1/graphql' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_WEAVIATE_API_KEY' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
      "query": "{ Aggregate { Document { meta { count } } } }"
  }' | python3 -m json.tool
```

### List All Document Filenames

```bash
curl -s -X POST \
  'https://your-cluster-url.weaviate.network/v1/graphql' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_WEAVIATE_API_KEY' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
      "query": "{ Get { Document { filename } } }"
  }' | python3 -c "import sys, json; data=json.load(sys.stdin); docs=data['data']['Get']['Document']; print('\\n'.join([f'{i+1:2}. {doc[\"filename\"]}' for i, doc in enumerate(docs)]))"
```

### View Sample Documents

```bash
curl -s -X GET \
  'https://your-cluster-url.weaviate.network/v1/objects?class=Document&limit=3' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_WEAVIATE_API_KEY' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' | python3 -m json.tool
```

## Querying the Embedded Documents

After embedding, you can query the documents using Weaviate's GraphQL API or Python client. Here are some examples:

### Semantic Search Example

```python
import weaviate

client = weaviate.connect_to_weaviate_cloud(
    cluster_url="your-weaviate-url",
    auth_credentials=weaviate.AuthApiKey("your-api-key"),
    headers={"X-OpenAI-Api-Key": "your-openai-key"}
)

collection = client.collections.get("Document")

# Semantic search
response = collection.query.near_text(
    query="admission requirements",
    limit=5
)

for obj in response.objects:
    print(f"File: {obj.properties['filename']}")
    print(f"Content snippet: {obj.properties['content'][:200]}...")
    print("---")

client.close()
```

### Hybrid Search Example

```python
# Combine semantic and keyword search
response = collection.query.hybrid(
    query="course registration process",
    limit=3
)
```

## Features

- ✅ **Automatic Schema Creation**: Creates Weaviate schema if it doesn't exist
- ✅ **Duplicate Detection**: Uses content hashing to avoid duplicate embeddings
- ✅ **Error Handling**: Comprehensive error handling and logging
- ✅ **Batch Processing**: Efficiently processes all files in the directory
- ✅ **Metadata Preservation**: Stores file metadata alongside content
- ✅ **OpenAI Integration**: Uses latest text-embedding-3-small model
- ✅ **Environment Configuration**: Flexible credential management
- ✅ **uv Support**: PEP 723 inline dependencies for modern Python tooling
- ✅ **Full Document View**: Expandable previews with complete document content
- ✅ **Concise Codebase**: Optimized JavaScript client (114 lines)

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

1. **Connection Errors**
   - Verify your Weaviate Cloud URL and API key
   - Check network connectivity

2. **OpenAI API Errors**
   - Ensure your OpenAI API key is valid and has sufficient credits
   - Check rate limits if processing many files

3. **File Reading Errors**
   - Ensure all files in `src/` are readable
   - Check file encoding (UTF-8 expected)

### Logging

The script provides detailed logging output. Check the console for:
- Connection status
- Processing progress
- Success/failure counts
- Error details

## Cost Considerations

### OpenAI API Costs
- Model: `text-embedding-3-small`
- Pricing: ~$0.00002 per 1K tokens
- Estimated cost for 25 documents: $0.01-0.05 (depending on document length)

### Weaviate Cloud Costs
- Free tier available for development
- Usage-based pricing for production

## Security Notes

- **Never commit API keys to version control** - API keys are entered by users in the web interface
- **Local storage only** - Keys are stored in browser localStorage, not transmitted to any server
- **Environment variables** - Use `.env` file for embedding script credentials
- **Key rotation** - Consider rotating API keys regularly
- **Minimal permissions** - Restrict API key permissions where possible
- **Public endpoint** - Weaviate cluster URL is public (no authentication risk)

## Testing and Quality Assurance

The project includes comprehensive test suites to validate search quality and document retrieval:

### Running Quality Tests

Execute the test suite to verify search functionality:

```bash
uv run run_tests.py
```

### Test Results

✅ **All tests passing with excellent performance**:

- **Total Tests**: 10/10 passed (100% pass rate)
- **Keyword Accuracy**: 95% average score
- **File Relevance**: 100% accuracy  
- **Average Response Time**: ~676ms per query
- **Search Coverage**: Tests for all major document categories

### Test Categories

The test suite covers:
- **Basic Information Retrieval**: Admission, fees, requirements
- **Academic Policies**: Registration, prerequisites, certificates  
- **Program Structure**: Learning paths, flexibility, re-entry
- **Technical Requirements**: Software, hardware specifications
- **Complex Queries**: Multi-concept searches and comparisons

### Alternative Testing

For comprehensive search quality testing, use the included test runner:

```bash
# Run all quality tests
uv run run_tests.py
```

## Web Frontend

A complete web interface is included for searching the embedded documents:

### 🌐 **Running the Web Interface**

```bash
# Option 1: Use included development server
python3 serve.py

# Option 2: Use Python's built-in server
python3 -m http.server 8000

# Open in browser: http://localhost:8000/search.html
```

### 📱 **Features**

- **🔍 Semantic Search**: AI-powered document search using OpenAI embeddings
- **📱 Responsive Design**: Works on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices  
- **🖼️ Iframe Ready**: Optimized for embedding in other websites
- **⚡ Real-time Results**: Instant search with relevance scoring
- **🎨 Professional UI**: Clean Bootstrap-only design with full document preview
- **💾 Local Storage**: API keys stored securely in browser

### 🔧 **API Requirements**

The frontend requires both API keys because:

- **Weaviate API Key**: Authenticates with your Weaviate Cloud cluster
- **OpenAI API Key**: Required for Weaviate to vectorize search queries in real-time

*Why OpenAI key?* When you search, Weaviate uses OpenAI's embedding model to convert your search text into vectors that can be compared with the stored document vectors.

### 🖼️ **Embedding in Your Website**

```html
<iframe src="http://your-domain.com/search.html" 
        width="100%" 
        height="800" 
        frameborder="0"
        title="Academic Document Search">
</iframe>
```

**Test the iframe integration**: Open `iframe-test.html` to see how it looks embedded.

### 🤖 **Embeddable Q&A Chatbot**

Host `qa-interface.html` on your site and embed it using:

```html
<iframe src="qa-interface.html" width="400" height="400" style="border:0" title="IITM Q&A"></iframe>
```

See `index.html` for a live example and additional guidance.

### 🛠️ **JavaScript API**

You can also use the JavaScript client directly:

```javascript
// Include the library
<script src="weaviate-search.js"></script>

// Initialize and search (concise API)
const searcher = new WeaviateSearch();
searcher.setCredentials('your-weaviate-key');
searcher.setOpenAIKey('your-openai-key');

const results = await searcher.searchDocuments('admission requirements');
console.log(results);
```

## CloudFlare Worker for Semantic Q&A

The project includes a CloudFlare Worker that provides semantic document search and AI-powered question answering using Weaviate and OpenAI GPT-4o-mini.

### Worker Features

- **Cross-Origin Support**: Handles CORS for web applications
- **Semantic Search**: Uses Weaviate vector database for document retrieval
- **Streaming Responses**: Real-time text/event-stream output
- **AI-Powered Answers**: GPT-4o-mini generates contextual responses
- **Configurable Results**: Customizable number of documents (ndocs)

### API Endpoint

#### POST `/answer`

**Request:**
```json
{
  "q": "What are the admission requirements?",
  "ndocs": 5  // optional, default = 5
}
```

**Response:** `text/event-stream`

```
data: {"type": "document", "relevance": 0.95, "text": "content...", "link": "https://github.com/..."}

data: {"type": "document", "relevance": 0.87, "text": "content...", "link": "https://github.com/..."}

data: {"type": "chunk", "text": "Based on the documents, the admission requirements are..."}

data: {"type": "chunk", "text": " You need to have completed..."}
```

### Worker Setup Instructions

#### 1. Install Wrangler CLI

```bash
npm install -g wrangler
```

#### 2. Configure Environment

Copy the example environment file:
```bash
cp .dev.vars.example .dev.vars
```

Edit `.dev.vars` with your actual API keys:
```bash
WEAVIATE_URL=https://your-cluster.c0.asia-southeast1.gcp.weaviate.cloud
WEAVIATE_API_KEY=your_weaviate_api_key
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key
```

#### 3. Deploy

**Automated deployment:**
```bash
./deploy-worker.sh
```

**Manual deployment:**
```bash
# Set production secrets
wrangler secret put WEAVIATE_URL
wrangler secret put WEAVIATE_API_KEY  
wrangler secret put OPENAI_API_KEY

# Deploy
wrangler deploy
```

#### 4. Local Development

```bash
wrangler dev
```

Your worker will be available at `http://localhost:8787`

### Worker Testing

Test the worker with curl:

```bash
curl -X POST https://your-worker-url/answer \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{"q": "What are the admission requirements?", "ndocs": 3}'
```

### Worker Environment Variables

| Variable | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `WEAVIATE_URL` | Your Weaviate cluster URL |
| `WEAVIATE_API_KEY` | Weaviate API key |
| `OPENAI_API_KEY` | OpenAI API key for embeddings and chat completion |

### Worker Configuration

The worker is configured via `wrangler.toml`:

- **Compatibility Date**: 2024-01-01
- **Node.js Compatibility**: Enabled for fetch streaming
- **Memory**: Standard (128MB)
- **CPU Time**: Standard (10ms)

### Worker Usage Examples

#### JavaScript/Fetch

```javascript
const response = await fetch('https://your-worker-url/answer', {
  method: 'POST',
  headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' },
  body: JSON.stringify({
    q: 'How do I register for courses?',
    ndocs: 3
  })
});

const reader = response.body.getReader();
const decoder = new TextDecoder();

while (true) {
  const { done, value } = await reader.read();
  if (done) break;
  
  const chunk = decoder.decode(value);
  // Process server-sent events
  console.log(chunk);
}
```

### Worker Response Format

#### Document Events
```json
{
  "type": "document",
  "relevance": 0.95,
  "text": "Full document content...",
  "link": "https://github.com/user/repo/blob/main/src/filename.md"
}
```

#### Answer Chunks
```json
{
  "type": "chunk", 
  "text": "Partial answer text..."
}
```

### Worker Error Handling

The worker returns appropriate HTTP status codes:

- `200`: Success with streaming response
- `400`: Bad request (missing "q" parameter)
- `404`: Invalid endpoint
- `500`: Internal server error

### Worker Security Notes

- API keys are stored as CloudFlare secrets (encrypted)
- CORS is enabled for cross-origin requests
- No user authentication required
- Rate limiting depends on CloudFlare plan

### Worker Troubleshooting

#### Common Issues

1. **Worker not responding**: Check deployment status with `wrangler status`
2. **API errors**: Verify environment variables are set correctly
3. **CORS issues**: Ensure preflight OPTIONS requests are handled
4. **Streaming problems**: Check for proper content-type headers

#### Debug Commands

```bash
# View worker logs
wrangler tail

# Check environment variables
wrangler secret list

# Test locally
wrangler dev --local
```

## Next Steps

After embedding, consider:
1. Building a search interface
2. Implementing retrieval-augmented generation (RAG)
3. Adding more document types
4. Setting up automated re-embedding workflows
5. Implementing user authentication for queries
6. Expanding test coverage for edge cases

## Support

For issues related to:
- **Weaviate**: [Weaviate Documentation](https://weaviate.io/developers/weaviate)
- **OpenAI**: [OpenAI Documentation](https://platform.openai.com/docs)
- **This Script**: Check logs and error messages for troubleshooting

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
